as those of you who are here our studio
audience know we do our show in
Hollywood on Hollywood Boulevard we're
across the street from a mall the
Hollywood and Highland Mall and there
are a lot of shops over there and we
thought it would be fun to give people
visiting our area a real celebrity
experience that we set up some hidden
cameras at the Randy's donut shop across
the street and we enlisted the help of a
major music star to sing live over the
speaker's in the store as the customers
waited for doughnuts and the rest as you
will see is donut history this is our
first ever edition of undercover sing
with Christina Aguilera
[Applause]
[Music]
really cute and the songs about
yes I love it I love it and you know I
can't kill - oh no yeah what's your name
my next shot I can't wait to hear
everything right now makes me that much
stronger a little bit harder
[Music]
no God won't go got it
here's looking cute in here don't fish
into you I wonder what kind of doughnut
he'll get what you want what God at
Brandy's donor it's what you want gonna
you're welcome don't doubt yourself
don't doubt yourself are you feeling
that Lucia snapping your fingers on the
threads now thanks for being so patient
about to make it down up fantasy come
true I was really working hard on this
donut kind of my baby show okay okay
yeah see you agus love you thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
Beibei a waving away on those Donuts all
day
[Applause]
ha until you tell me I'm gonna pee
myself can I get the Texas glaze
you can see
show Christina Aguilera the experience
starting May 31st at the Zappos theater
Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas thank you
Christina
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings